c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\bin\Debug\KIPS.exe.config
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\bin\Debug\KIPS.exe
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\bin\Debug\KIPS.pdb
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.csproj.KIPS.exe.config
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.g.resources
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.exe.licenses
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.exe
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\KIPS.pdb
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\Theme\MenuButtonTheme.baml
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\Theme\TextBoxSearch.baml
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\View\View5E15RiengPhan.g.cs
c:\users\hkvt-dtl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KIPS\KIPS\obj\Debug\View\View5E15RiengPhan.baml
